someone use a Posturepedic a Sealy so we
kind of just made it to the tower oh
there it is
we are underneath the right now guys
we're going up the tower here I go what
somebody tells me don't look down I
don't like it Brian I don't like it stop
it smoked up it's the second plate
second second floor I'm going to have
the thickest thighs after this
is that why you let me do this uh-huh
just made me do that
so we just made it to the top what's
happening we can just turn to look up oh
my god the Late Show I know I'm gonna
sit didn't warn me about seizures
hey BAE hey hey hey how long have we
been up here like 45 minutes
oops good morning we're headed to the
Louvre
God what wait where are we right look at
this paper here I'm so excited I'm on a
pyramid
someone use a pasta Peter Sealy you like
a heart though Bradley's a good heart
mattress
because I found my master and a
protractor dude this reminds me of you
know that level in Super Mario 64 where
you go like under the thing that spins
around it's a hot tub ooh level yeah
there's a music dude yeah music hey man
have you found your new friends what do
you think keep my painting DP did the DP
going on here this looks delicious what
is it raspberry a song oh my god Swiss
ice cream Swiss ice cream it's bright
red so I'm reason why I wanted it I'm
sitting there the more looks like a
Froyo almost
jealous bitches it's so delicious
okay okay about my Andy through her
cellphone into at the end of Devil Wears
Prada because it looks similar but I'm
not sure if it's the same one so all I
wanted to do is throw my cell phone into
it though
hey throw your cell phone in like Andy
dead maybe I want a new bag what I love
about Paris so far is that you just
walked anywhere and you find something
monumental or something right now what
do we find
Hank yeah the Pantheon is this for all
the gays get that Instagram pose from